1. I have strayed quite far from myself and my values over the past few years. I think this opinion will swing back somewhat---bit reactive---but there is truth to it, and it has taken a toll. 
2. I have broadened my horizons and "grown up", but I'm also not sure I've felt a real emotion in ~four years. 
3. Probably have been creatively dead for four years. 
4. I've compromised on things I wish I hadn't, including intellectual honesty and integrity. 
5. Figuring this out is going to take more than a couple of weeks. 
6. I can't navel-gaze my way to a conclusion.
7. I have some inkling of things I'm interested in and that I think might be fulfilling but I need to try more stuff and search a bit broadly. 
8. Travel is going to have to be part of this.
9. I miss chemistry (vague) and I miss _the idea of_ doing maths (vague).  
10. The things I do having a sense of purpose or impact is important to me. I angst when I do lots of work *for the sake of it*. 
11. Making a new thing and putting it out into the world is very satisfying. I get a helluva kick out of making good new things that people enjoy or find challenging. 
12. I like working with some people, but not as a general rule! I wonder what kinds of people I actually like working with. 
13. I need to be less critical of fledgling ideas and exploration. This applies to others and to my internal dialogue. I am killing delicate little selves before they can be anything.
14. Taking the pressure off myself will be key. 
15. I want to _achieve_ and I think this is a good thing, but I think I need to be more careful of my desire for _glory_.
16. I want to achieve *for something greater than myself*.
17. I want to find work with which I am *intimately connected*---fully engrossed in the thing, [looking along the beam](http://ktf.cuni.cz/~linhb7ak/Meditation-in-a-Toolshed.pdf).
18. I want to learn like a motherfucker. I feel dead without it. 
19. I feel better when I am out five nights pw at variations on very engrossing musical and visual things. Jazz gigs are the best example of this (so far).
20. My memory is a leaky bucket right now and I'd like to stop that.
21. Gotta stop trying to impress.
22. I don't think the career ladder is a worthwhile thing for me. Promotion pathways and performance matrices are useful but nauseating. 
23. I would benefit from a sound understanding of my strengths. New experiences, coupled with reflection, will help with this. I'll also work through [this](https://80000hours.org/articles/personal-strengths/).